1- Winter came and snow covered the valley home of the small fox, Bubu. Bubu didn't like the winter much, but there was one day for which
he was anxiously awaiting.

2- Tomorrow was Christmas and Bubu was so excited that he could not fall asleep.He thought about What gift would Santa Claus have for him.

3- He saw somthing dalling from the sky. Whatever it was it dropped beyond the Dark Forest. Bubu jumped from the bed and went out.

4- It was really cold outside. Earlier in the day, Bubu and his father had cleared the snow from around the house, but the valley was still deeply covered in it.

5- He went into the dark forest.

6- He finally crossed the Dark Forest and started sniffing and looking around. And finally he found it! It was a big red sack.

7- Then he opened it and it was Santa claus's sack. Evidently the sack had fallen from the sled when Santa Claus flew above the valley. There were many gifts.

8- He picked up as many presents as he could and hurried up back to the valley.

9- He first stopped at mole's house and he placed the gift for mole near the door and left quickly.

10- Then went to the house of the two rabbits and left their gifts. Bubu delivered gifts the whole night.

11- Then a heavy snowstorm started. He couldn't see anything and only his sensitive
nose helped him to keep to the track.

12- Bubu, scared, frozen and weakened, hid in the sack. He wanted so much to be at home with mommy and daddy. Bubu wrapped himself with his tail and fell asleep.

13- When Bubu wake up he was covered with a thick blanket and was toasty warm. He looked around surprised as he was at home.

14- He saw his parents and he filled with joy. Then mommy told that all the animals were looking for Bubu and then his father found him using his father's nose. Then father gave Bubu's christmas gift.

15- Bubu smiled and said, "I already got the best Christmas gift. This night I found out that the only thing I want for Christmas is to be home with you and Mommy. This is better than a sack full of gifts."
