01- Once there were three  goats lived on the grassy hillside near the river. There was a little goat , middle goat, and big goat. 
02- They  ate the sweet green grass all day and drank fresh water from the river. 
03- Soon they realized that they had eaten up all the grass.
04- Then they decided to go to the other side of the river to get more grass.
05- But crossing the bridge was dangerous. A big devil lived underneath the bridge. He was hairy and had very big pointed teeth. He ate anyone who tries to cross the bridge. The goats were afraid to cross the bridge.
06- The Devil was longing to eat those goats  and was waiting for the right opportunity.
07- The three  goats grew hungrier. The big goat asked the brothers who would cross the bridge first. Little goat said he would cross the bridge first. 
08- Little goat started to cross the bridge. The devil heard the sound of little goat and cought the little goat.
09- The little goat said to the devil, "If you leave me now, my middle brother will come. He is larger than me. So you can have more meal.".
10- Then the devil let go the small goat. Little goat went to the other side of the river and ate more grass. Middle and big goat saw that the little goat have reached the other side safely. 
11- Then middle goat said he would go next and started to cross the bridge.
12- The devil heard the sound of middle goat and cought the middle goat.
13- The middle goat promised for his big goat and escaped from the devil. 
14- The big goat saw that both of his brothers are eating grass on the other side.
15- So he started to cross the bridge.
16- The devil heard the sound of big goat and cought the big goat.
17- But unlike his younger brothers, big goat  was not scared of the devil. He was big as well as strong. Angrily the large goat stomped his hooves on the bridge, lowered his big pointed horns, and charged at the devil.
18- Big goat crashed into the  devil and he was thrown up into the sky and fell right into the flowing river. 
19- Then big goat crossed the river and three brothers ate grass happily.