1 - The snow is falling soft and quiet outside the cold windows. It is so peaceful.
2 - You are inside, in your cosy house. The fire is making crackling sounds, and the air smells like soup. Mama is making toast in the
kitchen.
3 - You have your snuggliest socks on. They are woolly and cosy. You also have your softest pyjamas; the ones with little reindeers on them.
4 - Under your arm is your favourite teddy. He has one eye, and his tummy button has fallen off. Now he is cuddling you as you watch the snow together.
5 - You can hear Papa playing the piano in the other room. It is a song you know well. It goes on and on forever, sounding like a fairy dance.
6 - Listening to the music, you are transported by the fairy feast. You tap your toes against the sofa, pushed up against the
cold pane of the window.
7 - There is a sound in the garden! A tinkling, like bells. You press your face to the cold glass. You see a glimpse of
white of dark leaning trees. 
8 - What was it out there, outside? You need to know. You uncross your legs and walk across the carpet.
9 - When you reach the door, you unlatch the lock and open it. A gust of chill air kisses your face. 
10 - The sun is going down behind the
trees. 
11 - our cat streaks out from between your legs, and flits across the snow and ice, escaping deep into the wood. You know she will be back before too long and so you aren't at all worried. 
12 - As you stand there at the door, you know how cold it is out there. But there is something magical about this evening.
13 - You are walking in the staircase.
14 - And then - you are standing in the snow. You still don't know why, but it feels so nice at this moment.
15 - And then it happens. That magical thing.
16 - A beautiful doe steps out from behind the boughs and branches laden with snow. She is lean and graceful. 
17 - Then she almost seems to smile as she turns and walks gently away, dissolving into the middling darkness, the brushes and bushes
and furze.
18 - You are cold all over now, but inside your heart and blood are warm. You turn and go back inside. In bare feet you pad back to your
little seat by the window, snuggle your teddy Bobby under your arm, and wait for Mummy to call for dinner.


